docs(dinghy): DOC-327 add appmetadata field (#490) (#500)
armory/docs: content/en/docs/spinnaker-user-guides/using-dinghy.md

```json
{
  "application": "helloworldapp",
  "appmetadata": {
    "canaryConfigs": "true"

>   },

Reviewer: This suggestion adds a few more configuration options for `appmetadata` 

```suggestion
  "globals": {
    "save_app_on_update": true
  },
  "spec": {
    "appmetadata": {
      "dataSources": {
        "enabled": [
          "securityGroups",
          "loadBalancers",
          "executions",
          "serverGroups"
        ],
        "disabled": [
          "canaryConfigs"
        ]
      },
      "cloudProviders": [
        "kubernetes",
        "aws"
      ],
      "customBanners": [
        {
          "backgroundColor": "var(--color-alert)",
          "enabled": true,
          "text": "Your custom banner text",
          "textColor": "var(--color-text-on-dark)"
        }
      ]
    }
  },
```

Make sure you specify the following fields so that the Dinghyfile can create a pipeline with stages:

* `.application`: The name of the application where pipelines will be created or updated.  If the application does not exist, it will be created.

> * `appmetadata`: Key/value pairs where you can define application metadata, such as whether Canary analysis is enabled (`"canaryConfigs": "true"`). You can retrieve a list of potential configs by opening the developer console for your browser when viewing the **Config** page of an application. Look for the possible parameters under the `spinnaker.application.attributes` key. Note that no validation is done for this field. 

Reviewer: This suggestion adds a few more descriptions for configuration options on `appmetadata`

```suggestion
* `.globals`: Configuration used to define top-level variables. See [top-level variables](#top-level-variables) for more information.
* `.globals.save_app_on_update`:  Flag that allows updates to application properties. Ssee [see Application updates](#application-updates) for more information.
* `.appmetadata`: Key/value pairs where you can define application metadata, such as whether Canary analysis is enabled. You can retrieve a list of potential configs by opening the developer console for your browser when viewing the **Config** page of an application. Look for the possible parameters under the `spinnaker.application.attributes` key. Note that no validation is done for this field.
* `.appmetadata.dataSources.enabled`:  An array of features that will be displayed on Spinnaker
* `.appmetadata.dataSources.disabled`: An array of features that will not be displayed on Spinnaker
* `.appmetadata.customBanners[*]`: An array of banners that will be displayed on Spinnaker, must only have one item checked as enabled
* `.appmetadata.cloudProviders[*]`: An array of cloud providers for the application```
